README.md, before:

# The Coral Project

We are creating open-source tools and resources for publishers of all sizes to build better communities around their journalism.

We also collect, support, and share practices, tools, and studies to improve communities on the web.

_The Coral Project is a collaboration between the Mozilla Foundation, [The New York Times](http://nytimes.com), and [The Washington Post](http://washingtonpost.com), and is funded by a grant from [the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation](http://knightfoundation.org)._

For more information about us and to see our blog, please visit [our website](https://coralproject.net).

## Welcome to the reef

This repository is a collection of documents, guides and practices that do not directly contain our software applications, including:

[Silt](silt) - Contributor guides, coding principles, and more.

[Ecosystem](ecosystem) - a high level look at our products.

[Data Core](datacore) - Documentation surrounding our handling of data.

[Growth](growth) - How we code around here.  CI, local installs, etc... at the ecosystem level.

Commit message:

Updating initial readme and placeholders

README.md, after:

# The Coral Project

We are creating open-source tools and resources for publishers of all sizes to build better communities around their journalism.

We also collect, support, and share practices, tools, and studies to improve communities on the web.

_The Coral Project is a collaboration between [The Mozilla Foundation](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/foundation/), [The New York Times](http://nytimes.com), and [The Washington Post](http://washingtonpost.com), and is funded by a grant from [The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation](http://knightfoundation.org)._

For more information about us and to see our blog, please visit [our website](https://coralproject.net). We are also on a [microblogging platform known as Twitter](https://twitter.com/coralproject).

## Welcome to the reef!

This repository is a collection of documents, guides and practices that do not directly contain our software applications, including:

[DNA](dna) - Contributor guides, coding principles, and more.

[Ecosystem](ecosystem) - a high level look at our products.

[Brain](brain) - Documentation surrounding our handling of the data that lies at the core of all of our products.

[Spawn](spawn) - How to spawn your own community project or create new parts within ours.  CI, local installs, etc... at the ecosystem level.

## But where's the code?!

We are in the process of stabalizing the roles and implementing the initial architecture for the various pieces of software.  We will make all of our non-client specific code, as well as the technical discussions surrounding them, public on Jan 1, 2016.  

Thanks for diving in.
